.TH QUICKDCP 1 "July 2015" "1.0.0"

.SH NAME
QuickDCP - The swiss army knife of modern movie theater operator, on the command line.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B quickdcp-cli [options]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.br
.P
What QuickDCP does and does not in CLI mode.
.br
.P
By default, quickdcp-cli will look for files to process in a so-called workspace directory.
Image, sound and video files can be processed each in their proper way in order to
compose Digital Cinema Packages (DCP).

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I -h, --help
Show this help message and exit.
.TP
.I -v, --version
Show program's version number and exit.
.TP
.I -V, --verbose
Output verbose runtime information about what QuickDCP is doing.
.TP
.I -l
List of already processed project files (.qdp or .qdx) to choose from.
.TP
.I -p <project.qd[p|x|w]>
Load and process a project of the .qdp, .qdx or .qdw kind to get the corresponding DCP.
.TP
.I -i <directory>
An alternative directory to scan for files to process, rather than the default
configuration directory.
.TP
.I -o <directory>
An alternative directory to output processed DCP, rather than the default
configuration directory.
.SH FILES
The main configuration file is $HOME/.config/quickdcp/quickdcp.ini

.SH SEE ALSO
.B Homepage:
https://github.com/zanobox/quickdcp/

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Zanobox <zano@zanobox.net>.
.br
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation
.br
